Hi.
I'm the YouTube Deal Guy Matt Granite.
First of all, if you're subscribed, thank
you so much, you're the reason I have a job
and you are now signed up to get deals before
anyone who watches me on your local TV station
or USA Today.
Today's two huge printer price drops, are
located right under this video window.
The first that I want to show you is a laser
printer.
The second one is an all-in-one that I bought
and unboxed and I'll take you through the
process because I get so many questions about
what's the best wireless all in one.
Keep in mind that none of these are paid products
- all I really want to do is save you money
and if you're looking to get more of my big
deals moving forward, or if you're new to
me, I'll show you how to do all of that at
the end of this video.
So let's start with this awesome laser printer.
Now keep in mind these are very limited time
deals.
The one that I'm flagging for you right now
is part of this video recording from May 7th.
It's available through May 9th.
It will probably sell out but I've been told
there is a lot of stock on it.
It's at it's lowest recorded price!
$50 ... free shipping... wireless printing
and USB.
Absolutely awesome.
If you're looking for a printer with scanning
and other all in one capabilities, the one
that I want to show you right now is my favorite
pixma.
The one that you see on your screen right
now is around $77.
Its sales price will fluctuate.
But this will stay reduced over the next few
months.
If you were to buy it from ebay without ink,
you're looking at around $54 with free shipping
but of course if you can get the cartridges
included, that's where you will save the most.
I bought this printer and I want to show you
right now how it works.
This is the new printer that I will now unbox.
I've purchased this for my in-laws to replace
their old printer which is about 10 years
old and has stopped working.
Here are the included cartridges which go
in here easily.
Simple set-up.I didn't even need to use the
software CD.
The printer drivers were immediately located
when I flagged the printer through its wireless
connection from my computer.
Now let's do a quick color print test.
This is my wife and my sister - two separate
people.
Using the wireless connection, we are now
going to time a color print.
This is not photo paper but a beautiful print.
It took around 15 seconds to print and obviously
if you're using the wireless printing option,
it's going to be a slower print job.
Now let's time a black and white printing
job.
This is some packing last from my wife's laptop.
We're going to transmit this print job to
the other room and see how long it takes.
So with the exception of the transmission
of data which slowed this down, I'd say it
printed that page in 4 -5 seconds.
So that was the printer.
Now back to me unfortunately but if you are
looking for any of the savings I just showed
you, they're located right under this video
window.
I have more huge deals on the way so if this
wasn't up your alley, I promise I will find
something that you hopefully like.
If you did like what you saw or you're enjoying
this channel, feel free to give me a thumbs
up, that helps me more than you will ever
know.
And I think that's it.
As promised, here's how to get all of my big
deals moving forward.
Click this subscribe button right now.
Do you see it?
Click right here.
Also, right now if you’re not on a mobile
device… you’ll a wheel beside that subscribe
button.
Click for more options.
Make sure you have “send me updates” checked.
That will ensure you get emailed every time
I upload a huge deal.
Want to see more deals deals are all located
right my video window.
Just click the “show more” tab and every
link I have for every deal, is right there.